.TH PKGLINUX-UPGRADE "1" "November 2023" "pkglinux-upgrade version 1.0" "Maintainance Script"
.SH NAME
pkglinux-upgrade \- upgrade current pkglinux or roll over to another installed prefix
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pkglinux-upgrade
[\fB\-h\fR]
[\fB\-\-help\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR]
[\fB\-\-verbose\fR]
[\fB\-V\fR]
[\fB\-\-version\fR]
[\fB\-p\fR \fIPREFIX\fR]
[\fB\-\-prefix\fR \fIFREFIX\fR]
[\fB\-t\fR \fITAG\fR]
[\fB\-\-tag\fR \fITAG\fR]
[\fB\-r\fR]
[\fB\-\-refix\fR]
[\fB\-k\fR]
[\fB\-\-kernel\fR]
[\fB\-f\fR]
[\fB\-\-force\fR]
[\fB\-\-full\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pkglinux-upgrade
a bash script to upgrade the current pkglinux with pkgin and does more, or roll over to another pre-installed prefixed pkglinux.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print usage of this script and exit..
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Verbose mode. While running, print as much messages as possible.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print the version number of this script and exit.
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-prefix " " \fIPREFIX\fR
Use \fIPREFIX\fR as the new prefix.
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-tag " " \fITAG\fR
Use \fITAG\fR in the target files names.
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-refix
Refix (roll over) to another pre-installed pkglinux prefix.
.TP
.BR \-k ", " \-\-kernel
Load vmlinuz and initramfs from /pkg/native/boot to /boot.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-force ", " \-\-full
Force full upgrade including /boot/vmlinuz, /boot/initramfs, and /pkglinux.sfs.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Jianjun Liu <jianjunliu@126.com> for https://www.pkglinux.top
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2023 Jianjun Liu <jianjunliu@126.com>
.PP
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.PP
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.PP
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
pkglinux-install(1), pkglinux-makeiso(1), pkglinux-makeusb(1), pkglinux-makeall(1), pkg-chroot(1), pkg-strap(1)
