The bundle comprises packages to provide: aliascnt: 'alias
counters'; bmpsize: get bitmap size and resolution data;
centernot: a horizontally-centred \not symbol; chemarr:
extensible chemists' reaction arrows; classlist: record
information about document class(es) used; colonequals: poor
man's mathematical relation symbols; dvipscol: dvips colour
stack management; engord: define counter-printing operations
producing English ordinals; eolgrab: collect arguments
delimited by end of line; flags: setting and clearing flags in
bit fields and converting the bit field into a decimal number;
holtxdoc: extra documentation macros; hypbmsec: bookmarks in
sectioning commands; hypcap: anjusting anchors of captions;
hypgotoe: experimental package for links to embedded files;
hyphsubst: substitute hyphenation patterns; ifdraft: switch for
option draft; iflang: provides expandable checks for the
current language; pagegrid: prints a page grid in the
background; pdfcolfoot: using pdfTeX's color stack for
footnotes; pdfcol: macros for setting and maintaining new color
stacks; pdfcolparallel: fixes colour problems in package
parallel; pdfcolparcolumns: fixes colour problems in package
parcolumns; pdfcrypt: setting PDF encryption; pdfrender:
control PDF rendering modes; protecteddef: define a command
that protected against expansion; resizegather: automatically
resize overly large equations; rotchiffre: performs simple
rotation cyphers; scrindex: redefines environment 'theindex' of
package 'index', if a class from KOMA-Script is loaded;
setouterhbox: set \hbox in outer horizontal mode; settobox:
getting box sizes; stackrel: extensions of the \stackrel
command; stampinclude: selects the files for \include by
inspecting the timestamp of the .aux file(s); tabularht:
tabulars with height specification; tabularkv: key value
interface for tabular parameters; telprint: print German
telephone numbers; thepdfnumber: canonical numbers for use in
PDF files and elsewhere; twoopt: commands with two optional
arguments; Each of the packages is represented by two files, a
.dtx (documented source) and a PDF file; the .ins file
necessary for installation is extracted by running the .dtx
file with Plain TeX.
