.TH PKGLINUX-INSTALL "1" "November 2023" "pkglinux-upgrade version 1.0" "Maintainance Script"
.SH NAME
pkglinux-install \- install pkglinux into squashfs file, directory, or disk
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pkglinux-makeiso
[\fB\-h\fR]
[\fB\-\-help\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR]
[\fB\-\-verbose\fR]
[\fB\-V\fR]
[\fB\-\-version\fR]
[\fB\-r\fR \fIREPOS-URL\fR]
[\fB\-\-repo\fR \fIREPOS-URL\fR]
[\fB\-p\fR \fIPREFIX\fR]
[\fB\-\-prefix\fR \fIFREFIX\fR]
[\fB\-m\fR]
[\fB\-\-minimal\fR]
[\fB\-\-min\fR]
[\fB\-g\fR]
[\fB\-\-gnome\fR]
[\fB\-k\fR]
[\fB\-\-kde\fR]
[\fB\-q\fR]
[\fB\-\-quick\fR]
[\fB\-\-qck\fR]
[\fB\-s\fR]
[\fB\-\-sfs\fR]
[\fB\-\-squashfs\fR]
[\fB\-n\fR]
[\fB\-\-none\fR]
[\fB\-w\fR \fISECONDS\fR]
[\fB\-\-wait\fR \fISECONDS\fR]
[\fB\-\-rootwait\fR \fISECONDS\fR]
[\fB\-\-rootdelay\fR \fISECONDS\fR]
[\fB\-f\fR]
[\fB\-\-force\fR]
.IR [DIRECTORY | BLOCK-DEVICE]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pkglinux-install
a bash script to install pkglinux into squashfs file, directory, or disk.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print usage of this script and exit..
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Verbose mode. While running, print as much messages as possible.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print the version number of this script and exit.
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-repo " " \fIREPOS-URL\fR
Use \fIREPOS-URL\fR as the new repository url.
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-prefix " " \fIPREFIX\fR
Use \fIPREFIX\fR as the new prefix.
.TP
.BR \-m ", " \-\-minimal ", " \-\-min
Install minimal console pkglinux without GNOME or KDE desktop.
.TP
.BR \-g ", " \-\-gnome
Install standard console pkglinux with GNOME desktop.
.TP
.BR \-k ", " \-\-kde
Install standard console pkglinux with KDE desktop.
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-sfs ", " \-\-squashfs
Install /pkglinux.sfs (together with traditional rootfs if -n|--none not specified).
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quick ", " \-\-qck
Try extracting rootfs from /pkglinux.sfs instead of download packages while installing.
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-none
Install pkglinux like popular usb-linux as pkglinux-makeusb does, without traditional root file system hierarchy.
If  \fIBLOCK-DEVICE\fR provided but without -s|--sfs, this flag means to only partition and format the device.
.TP
.BR \-w ", " \-\-wait ", " \-\-rootwait ", " \-\-rootdelay " " \fISECONDS\fR
Set rootdelay/rootwait to  \fISECONDS\fR as in linux kernel parameters.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-force
Confirm to remove target files before creating new ones, or zap contents in block device before writting to it.
This script will stop and remind if this flag is not specified as needed.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Jianjun Liu <jianjunliu@126.com> for https://www.pkglinux.top
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2023 Jianjun Liu <jianjunliu@126.com>
.PP
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.PP
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.PP
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
pkglinux-makeiso(1), pkglinux-makeusb(1), pkglinux-makeall(1), pkglinux-upgrade(1), pkg-chroot(1), pkg-strap(1)
