.TH PKGLINUX-MAKEISO "1" "November 2023" "pkglinux-makeiso version 1.0" "Maintainance Script"
.SH NAME
pkglinux-makeiso \- create ISO-9660 file or write it to usb device
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pkglinux-makeiso
[\fB\-h\fR]
[\fB\-\-help\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR]
[\fB\-\-verbose\fR]
[\fB\-V\fR]
[\fB\-\-version\fR]
[\fB\-p\fR \fIPREFIX\fR]
[\fB\-\-prefix\fR \fIFREFIX\fR]
[\fB\-t\fR \fITAG\fR]
[\fB\-\-tag\fR \fITAG\fR]
[\fB\-w\fR \fISECONDS\fR]
[\fB\-\-wait\fR \fISECONDS\fR]
[\fB\-\-rootwait\fR \fISECONDS\fR]
[\fB\-\-rootdelay\fR \fISECONDS\fR]
[\fB\-l\fR \fIISO_LEVEL\fR]
[\fB\-\-level\fR \fIISO_LEVE\fR]
[\fB\-f\fR]
[\fB\-\-force\fR]
[\fB\-\-full\fR]
.IR [USB-DEVICE]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pkglinux-makeiso
a bash script to create ISO-9660 file or write it to usb device.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print usage of this script and exit..
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Verbose mode. While running, print as much messages as possible.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print the version number of this script and exit.
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-prefix " " \fIPREFIX\fR
Use \fIPREFIX\fR as the new prefix.
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-tag " " \fITAG\fR
Use \fITAG\fR in the target files names.
.TP
.BR \-w ", " \-\-wait ", " \-\-rootwait ", " \-\-rootdelay " " \fISECONDS\fR
Set rootdelay/rootwait to  \fISECONDS\fR as in linux kernel parameters.
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-level " " \fIISO-LEVEL\fR
Use \fIISO-LEVEL\fR as iso-level (default 1) when make the target iso file with mkisofs or xorris.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-force
Ok to remove target files before creating new ones, or zap contents in usb device before writting to it.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Jianjun Liu <jianjunliu@126.com> for https://www.pkglinux.top
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2023 Jianjun Liu <jianjunliu@126.com>
.PP
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.PP
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.PP
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
pkglinux-install(1), pkglinux-makeusb(1), pkglinux-makeall(1), pkglinux-upgrade(1), pkg-chroot(1), pkg-strap(1)
